if you've seen deadly 60 before then
you'll know that rock climbing and
snakes are two of my favorite things in
the world so going rock climbing looking
for snakes it's kind of my idea of
heaven but there is a very real reason
for this you look along the waterline
here you'll see the rock bases
pockmarked with tiny holes and that's
where I think we're going to find our
snake unfortunately Johnny my cameraman
is he's pretty tough but even he cannot
swim over there carrying that huge
camera and climb up the rock face
filming using it so everything I see I'm
gonna have to film myself in a deadly 60
style time to get wet the boat can't get
any closer to the rocks so to get there
I'm gonna have to swim without getting
the bag with the camera
where's of course
there's an entrance to a cave here I'm
gonna have a squeeze through and see
what I can find
the snake comes out onto the rocks after
hunting in the sea to chill out and
digest its dinner so it's a good chance
for me to get a closer look kind of
weird this falling into a deep cave
looking for deadly venomous snakes
oh look at that I've got it I've got my
first yellow look crate it's the exact
kind of snake that we came here to this
island to find this has got to be one of
the strangest snake catchers I've ever
done hanging off the edge of a rock with
a camera in one hand and a venomous
snake in the other so I've got to keep
my wits about me and concentrate
if you're wondering how it got the name
yellow lips sea Krait have a look at the
front of its head
this bright yellow marking across the
front of its snout gives it its name
the snake is just resting on the rocks
but I want to see them in action
but I'm not going looking up there I'm
going down there so I've got to get
kitted up for diving and search for one
of these venomous snakes in their watery
environments one
you